#summary How to use Fit2PDA
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Converting scanned papers with Fit2PDA =

You can *Fit2PDA* to convert books or other scanned documents. 
The principle of it's work is rather simple: *Fit2PDA* splits pages of scanned books into lines and split lines into parts so that they fit into PDA display. You can see how it works [http://anton_nazarov.fatal.ru/doku.php?id=projects:qtsplitter:example here].
*Fit2PDA* will produce html with images having width of screen of your device.

You need to download *Fit2PDA* from program's page program's page, run //fit2pda.exe// or //fit2pda//.
Then you should add your books to program and choose parameters of conversion: width of screen of your device, desired resolution (dpi, 170-190 dpi for modern Palms or Pockets, 70-90 dpi for older Palms and Pockets, 96 or 130 dpi for smartphones). 
Also you can choose to chunk resulted html into chunks because some programs on some devices are unable to show documents with big number of big images. 
Then press convert and take a cup of coffee, because conversion will take rather long time.

Then you could convert this html to iSilo (don't forget to uncheck "Resize large images" checkbox) or read it with Pocket IE.

*Fit2PDA* also may be useful to convert handwritten lecture notes, as you can see [http://anton_nazarov.fatal.ru/doku.php?id=projects:qtsplitter:example here on bottom picture], but you'd better to use some methods to improve image quality, especially contrast, and suppress squares.

You can also write me and read my [http://anton_nazarov.fatal.ru/blog/blogger.html blog] if you want to know more about *Fit2PDA*. 
